Spec Verification (#25)
NVIDIA/TensorRT-Incubator: tripy/docs/README.md

The `export.public_api()` decorator allows you to specify metadata for documentation
generation, such as where in the documentation hierarchy the API should be documented.

> The `dtype_info.dtype_info()` decorator verifies the dtypes of a function and generates 
> documentation showing which dtypes are valid and verified. To learn more about how to 
> use this decorator check out: `tests/spec_verification/op_doc_guide.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `dtype_info.dtype_info()` decorator verifies the data types a function claims to support and generates 
corresponding documentation. For more information, see [this guide](../tests/spec_verification/op_doc_guide.md).
```
